remove callout and add tabs as examples (#4402)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/database.md

sidebar_label: "database"
resource_types: [models, seeds, tests]
datatype: string
description: "Override the default database when dbt creates resources in your data platform."
---

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="model" label="Model">

Specify a custom database for a model in your `dbt_project.yml` file. 

For example, if you have a model that you want to load into a database other than the target database, you can configure it like this:

<File name='dbt_project.yml'>

```yml
models:
  your_project:
    sales_metrics:
      +database: reporting
```
</File>

This would result in the generated relation being located in the `reporting` database, so the full relation name would be `reporting.finance.sales_metrics` instead of the default target database.
</TabItem>

<TabItem value="seeds" label="Seeds">

Configure a database in your `dbt_project.yml` file. 

For example, to load a seed into a database called `staging` instead of the target database, you can configure it like this:

<File name='dbt_project.yml'>

```yml
seeds:
  your_project:
    product_categories:
      +database: staging
```

> This would result in the generated relation being located in the `staging` database, so the full relation name would be `staging.finance.product_categories_data`.

Reviewer: Where did the `_data` suffix come from here?

Author: oh fudge! i think i copied the <tabs> over from alias and didnt remove the _data bit

> description: "Read this guide to understand the database configuration in dbt."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Override the default database when dbt creates resources in your data platform."
```

---

<Tabs>

> <TabItem value="model" label="Model">

Reviewer: Is it possible to put tests into a custom database? I assume that's alongside store-failures behaviour? Inferring this from the resource_types array above.

Author: hmm good question! have askd in dbt help to confirm but i also did add an example just incase
